# Main Structure
- First of all, i think a summary of what was written is necessary.  To keep it short, the main idea proposed it to create an illustrator that allows the user to do the same things that are possible using the AR sandbox that Andrew uses in his videos. Were the main reason given were that an environment with accelerated action time where you can put your knowledge to test, could be great to everyone who is studying this topic.

- To make that possible, the main features proposed were:
	- Create and edit terrain
	- Display of contour lines
	- Add objects to the scene that have influence over the simulations like, for example, trees
	- And the creation of scenarios where the teacher could create activities for his students


Naturally, you could ask why those are the main features. Well, for example, in the video *This farm design can heal the planet* that Andrew made, we could see three of the four features having a key role. Those three being "Modify the terrain, the display of contour lines and add objects like trees".

The fourth one: "Creation of test scenarios" is like the selling point: *Now you can create and scenario, share it with everyone and have discussions about, for example, his design*. I have some ideas in mind, but since I'm not a teacher, nor a permaculture expert, maybe those aren't good ones. For example:

1. A teacher creates an scenario for his students, with a layout created with the App
2. Then, this layout has to be analyzed by the students.
3. After that, the students are going to receive a few questions created by the teacher. Obviously, those are related to said scenario.

I'm not sure about the other two ideas, but I think it would be great if the students can propose a better design. I don't know what could qualify as a "better design", I just thought about this when I saw one of Andrew's videos.

Concepts aside, I have been thinking about how the user could interact with this application. For example. I made this some sort of demo/proof of concept where you can rise specific sections of the plane with just one click. This, in theory would allow the user to create any terrain that they want.

Also, in the first video where you use the AR sandbox, I noticed how you "add water". By chance researching, I found this demo. I think it looks pretty similar and have a similar behavior to the previous clip, at least in concept. 

Now, as I said before, I'm not a teacher nor a permaculture expert, so I don't know if anything that I said is right or wrong. So I will be happy to hear your thoughts