# Listening: The chef who cooks in the middle of the night

## Part 1

- Radio program: Story of a sleep walker. 55 years old.
- He retired last year. Before, he worked as a chef.
- This started 40 years ago. Specifically, when he was 14 years old.
- He cooks as a sleep walker 4 or 5 times a week.
- His wife also wakes up when his husband start to cook.
- He cooks lots of things. Omelettes, Meat Balls, Pasta, ect.
- She doesn't eat everything that he cooks during his "sleep trips".
- He's been going to a sleep clinic.


## Part 2
- Someone flew a helicopter when he was sleep walking
- 18% of people sleepwalks time to time
- It's difficult to notice because when someone do it, his eyes are open.
- It's more common in boys than girls-
- After stressful events
- If an adult sleepwalks, probably he did it since he was a child. Is rare that an adult develop it
- It's dangerous. Falls
- Normally, someone sleepwalks for a few minutes
- No one remember anything
- It's a excuse. 

# Vocabulary (p. 62)
- Yawn
- Set | Alarm
- Pillow
- comforter | blankets and sheets
- fall sleep
- snore
- Nightmares
- Oversleep
- Keep you awake
- Insomnia
- Sleeping Pills
- Nap | siesta
- Log
- Jet-Lagged
- Fast asleep


# Present Modals: Must, Should

## Must, might, may, can't
1. When you are sure about something is true: `must`
    - *They must be out.There aren't any lights on*
2. When you think something is possible true: `may/might`
    - *His phone is turned off. He might be on the plane now*
3. Whe you are sure something is impossible/not true: `can't`
    - *He can't be sick. I just saw him at the gym*

We often use must, may/might, and can't to say how sure or certain. we are about something based on the information that we have


# Listening
- Something is missing
  - Milk
- He drank his milk
- He didn't take the right route